Downloaded from
YTS.MX
♪ ♪
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
(heavy breathing)
♪ ♪
-(distant cheering)
-(horse neighs)
(kissing)
(quiet crowd cheering)
(crowd cheering)
(car door opens)
You'll be late.
(crowd cheering)
-(horses neighing)
-(rodeo chatter)
Harland:
Where the hell were you?
I had to get them
to move you back.
Shit falling apart.
You got to get it together.
little brother.
We can't move up like this.
(cheering continues)
(horse whinnies)
(kissing)
(sighs)
Hard head makes
a soft ass. Averill.
(indistinct announcement on PA)
(grunts)
I don't know what
the hell you was doing
that had you caught up.
You need to focus. alright?
(voice fades. inaudible)
(gate rattling)
(indistinct announcement)
-(rattling)
-(muffled cheering)
(clang)
-(bull growls. charging)
-(loud crash)
(necklace jingles)
(line ringing)
Frankie (on voicemail):
Hey. you've reached Frankie.
Please leave a message.
(hangs up)
(dialing)
(line ringing)
-Hey. you've
reached Frankie--
-(click)
(dialing. line ringing)
-Hey. you've
reached Frankie.
-(phone slams in receiver)
(phone ringing)
Hello?
Harland:
Yo. negro!
Come on down to Cheers!
-We're drinking!
-(music playing)
-(line disconnects. dial tone)
-(sighs)
(hangs up)
(door opens. bar chatter)
-(billiards playing)
-(chatter continues)
-(giggles)
-(indistinct dialogue)
Woman:
Hey...
Hey. what's up. yo?
-(laughs)
-(hip-hop music playing)
-(patting back)
-When'd they start letting
Black folks ride bulls
like that. huh. boy?
(laughs)
Frankie.
Hey.
Harland:
It's not serious. is it?
No. it's just a little cut where
the bull took my necklace off.
Harland:
And you didn't get it back?
Babe. you want
another drink?
Yeah.
(music continues playing)
Man. watching
you ride today...
-felt like I was back in there.
-(hits cue ball)
(sighs)
-You hurt?
-No. I'm good.
-(hits cue ball)
-'Bout looked like the old man
in there. didn't you?
What I told you about
that one? That bull.
he spin left every time. man.
He's a tough one.
but predictable.
When we start
riding in the bigs.
-won't be so predictable.
-(balls clack)
(sinks ball)
So. you good
for tomorrow?
You gonna be on time
and everything?
Yeah. I'm gonna go get a drink.
You want something?
(chatter continues)
(puts down glass)
Hey. Hey there.
Over here.
(kissing. heavy breathing)
(door opens)
Woman:
What the fuck? Ah!
-(women struggling)
-Averill: Yo. Frankie!
What are you doing?!
-Ah! Get off of me!
-Averill: Are you--
-Chill. man! Come on. man!
Cut it out!
-Bitch!
-(women shouting)
-Hey. yo! Stop! Both of you! Yo!
(panting)
-I'ma see you later.
-Yeah. not if I see you first.
Stop. man. come on.
You know you're wild
for that. right?
You're sweating
all out your hair
'cause you wanna
throw hands.
(laughs)
You got-- you got
dirt all on you.
What you want me to do. Frankie?
Wait for you?
I don't think you should be
sleeping around like that.
I'm sleeping around with you!
You're the one
that's married!
Why are you trying to hurt me?
You hurt me every day.
Smells like
sex in here.
What do you want.
Frankie?
I get bruised
and battered.
and he gets to
come home to you.
How is that fair?
-I just don't think we should
fuck up a good thing.
-A good thing for who?
(clicks tongue) Fuck you.
(scoffs) Right.
Well...
What do you wanna do?
I'm here. ain't I?
You hate him. don't you?
He traps me.
I'm a prisoner.
not his brother.
Then don't ride anymore.
If you hate it.
just leave.
And what would I do?
Anything you want.
You don't owe him anything.
family or not.
-(banging)
-(both gasp. sigh)
(window lowers)
What the hell
are y'all doing?
Just talking.
Harland:
Well. we left our truck
over at the stadium.
Take us over.
Yeah.
(opens door)
-(starts car)
-(door shuts)
Smell weird in here.
don't it?
(door opens)
(door shuts)
-Harland: Thanks for the ride.
-Averill: No problem.
(doors shut)
(cuts engine)
-(door beeping)
-Hey. Harland.
(shuts door)
I'm not doing that
ride tomorrow.
I can't do it.
(closes tin)
When'd you
decide that?
It's been on my mind
for a while. you know?
Yeah.
On your mind
for a while.
-I was--
-You know what I remember most
about that day I got hurt?
I was still looking around.
even after they were
carting me off.
for you and Frankie.
Couldn't figure out
where y'all were.
Figured at least my wife
would've been watching. right?
Never brought it up.
Never asked.
All that mattered is
that you were okay.
Better me than you.
This is what we do.
Without this.
what?
Nothing?
Nobody wants a cowboy
who don't know he a cowboy.
That make sense to you?
What if it's
not who I am?
Come here.
(necklace jingling)
You know whose
this was?
Right.
(inhales)
(necklace jingling)
It's heavy.
Barely recognize
myself without it.
(jingles)
(inhales deeply)
This is who we are. Averill.
(patting chest)
(starts car)
(door opens. shuts)
(necklace jingling)
(clock ticking)
(birds chirping)
♪ ♪
(gasps)
(jingling)
(sighs)
(car approaching)
(door creaking)
(engine cuts)
(birds chirping)
(door opens)
(door shuts)
Hey.
I was thinking. if you left.
and you didn't
wanna ride anymore.
maybe I could
come with you.
You don't have to
answer right now.
(necklace jingling)
♪ ♪
(footsteps departing)
(opens. slams car door)
♪ ♪
(rattling. banging)
(quiet crowd cheering)
(cheering gets louder)
(cheering continues)
(inaudible)
(muffled cheering)
(jingling)
(muffled patting)
(inaudible)
♪ ♪
-(gate rattles)
-(crowd loudly cheering)
(bull stomping. flailing)
(bull snorting)
(heavy breathing)
(breathing slows)
(wind blowing)
-(buzzer)
-(thud)
-(crowd cheering)
-(indistinct announcement)
Announcer (on PA):
That's gotta be his
best ride of the season.
-(sighs)
-(muffled): Something's wrong.
(crowd murmuring)
-(indistinct announcement)
-(gate rattling)
♪ ♪
(echoing yell)